[ Man ]
Previously, on
Sons of Anarchy.
[ Gemma ]
I don’t want the ghost
of John Teller poisoning him,
ruining everything we’ve built.
You promised me
you were done with this.
You sat in a cell
for five years...
while Clay
and the others got rich.
We’re three months’ behind.
I don’t know how to get
in front of this shit.
Murder for hire.
[ Piney ]
It’s not about money.
That asshole
killed McKeevy.
[ Clay ]
Who does it?
I do.
Jax, Ope, Bobby, I want Ope
pullin’ the trigger on this.
I wanna make sure
he’s really back.
We all do.
Shit.
Hey, Clay, I was hopin’ to
get my payout for Hefner.
This should cover
the mortgage.
[ Wayne ]
Who the hell are you?
A.T.F.
Just what we need.
You guys wanna rent
a goddamn wing?
Oakland D.A.’s office
turned up an eyewitness
to Hefner’s murder.
I.D.’d two guys.
Dear God, thank you
for saving this boy...
from his murderous,
junkie mom.
[ Grunts ]
He will never
call you Mommy.
- [ Wendy ] Now what?
- [ Jax ]
Abel stays in the toaster.
Ship your ass off to rehab.
Again.
[ Tara ] We can’t keep
looking the other way.
We need to think about this.
What the hell are we doing?
Your mom says that
I have to end this.
I want you to stop listening
to my crazy mom.
Big hijack
nine years ago.
Type it up,
I’ll sign it.
Wanna make sure we got it
all right, please?
[ Screams ]
I’m gonna bury these assholes.
♪♪ [ Rock ]
[ Sighs ]
♪ I’m ridin’ out the wind ♪
♪ I’m comin’ home ♪
♪♪ [ Continues, Indistinct ]
Yeah. No, me too.
A’ight.
Thanks, Jason.
Rosen?
Yeah.
Luann’s in the clear.
- Otto– not so much.
- Why? What happened?
[ Laughs ]
He shattered
Stahl’s face.
Oh, I love that man.
Oh!
He was tryin’ to prove
to the club he wasn’t gonna
give anything up.
We’re clear of the A.T.F.,
ladies and germs.
[ Men Laughing ]
Yes!
Well,
now that I have you
in a good mood, Jax’s house–
Just some remodeling and shit.
You know, for the baby.
2,300 bucks?
For painting?
Shit, I could have
the prospect do it
for free.
The baby is coming home
any day, and I want
the house to be perfect.
[ Clay ]
Okay, okay, okay.
That’s why I love you.
Clay, cops.
Everybody down!
[ All Shouting ]
Get off her!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
- [ Grunts ]
- Don’t move.
♪ I’m comin’ home
but I ain’t comin’ home ♪
♪ For you ♪
Stay down.
Robert Munson, you’re
under arrest for the murder
of Brenan Hefner.
- Who?
- You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say can
and will be used against you...
- in a court of law.
- I’ll call Rosen, Bobby.
You just sit tight.
- [ Grunts ]
- Hey! Bitch!
[ Spits ]
- [ Grunts ]
- [ Man ] Oh! Easy now! Hey!
Manners, darling.
Manners.
[ Gemma Groans ]
♪♪ [ Ends ]
[ Groans ]
They got Bobby
at Federal Plaza
in Stockton.
A.T.F. says they got
an eyewitness saw Bobby
kill Hefner.
- What? Jax, is that possible?
- From my end,
it was all clear.
Shit’s a goddamn bluff.
You can’t charge
somebody on a bluff.
Whatever they got, it’s real.
Who is the bastard witness?
We’re a man short.
Where’s Ope?
- I called every number.
There’s no answers.
- Yeah.
- I tried Donna’s phone too.
- Maybe Donna changed
the goddamn home phone.
- A’ight. I’ll go get him.
- Well, you better find him.
Now, what the hell
does that mean?
Only two other guys
were witness to that hit.
- One of them’s in jail,
and the other one–
- Hey!
Don’t even say it, asshole!
You better curb
your disrespect–
[ All Shouting ]
Everybody’s nerves
are fried, but we can’t
unravel here!
Now Jax is gonna
go get him, and he’s
gonna bring him back here,
and we’re gonna
find out what this is.
The only reason
my son isn’t here...
is ’cause he doesn’t know
what happened.
Exactly.
[ Door Opens, Closes ]
[ Man ]
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪♪
[ Dog Barking In Distance ]
[ Doorbell Rings ]
Opie!
Ope! Donna!
Shit.
[ Keys Rattling ]
[ Woman ]
You got one minute.
A.T.F. finds out,
she’ll have a fit.
Thanks, Candy.
- Sure thing.
- What the hell you doing
in here, man?
Stahl’s detaining me
for questioning.
Jesus Christ.
You got any idea
what happened to Ope?
His whole family’s gone.
I don’t know.
Ask Hale. He’s Stahl’s
little errand boy.
[ Scoffs ]
He’s more than that.
Other night
when we were in here, he was
face down in that shit.
[ Scoffs ]
Idiot.
We gotta find Ope, man.
You hear anything,
you’ll let me know?
Of course.
A’ight.
Hey.
Thanks, man.
[ Sighs ]
Shit.
Of course.
[ Man Speaks Spanish ]
[ Man #2 ]
Yeah, right there.
- Hey, how you doing?
- Hi.
[ Engine Starts ]
[ Vehicle Departs ]
[ Children Chattering
In Distance ]
[ Dog Barking In Distance ]
He’s taking to the bottle
much better.
How’s his sleep apnea?
The last two nights, no alarms.
He’s almost through it.
We’ll be able
to take him home?
Probably tomorrow.
You hear that, baby boy?
You’re going home.
Can I ask you
a practical question?
Who’s gonna
take care of him?
I will.
Who do you think?
Day and night?
You ready for that?
I think I can handle it.
Why?
I don’t think Jax
is ready for this.
He has no idea
what he’s in for.
On that we agree.
His father was clueless too.
They figure it out.
Got no choice, right?
Yeah.
[ Abel Gurgling ]
You want kids?
Sure.
Right time,
right person.
Getting close
to finding that?
[ Sighs ]
What are you
asking me, Gemma?
If you’re in Jax’s life,
you’re in his life.
I got every right to know
how you feel about kids.
I don’t think what Jax
and I have–
It’s–
We haven’t discussed it.
Well, maybe you should.
Big responsibilities
come with my son.
You better think about that.
Figure out if you can
take them on.
I’m just spending
time with Jax. There is
nothing to figure out.
If it becomes
something different,
you’ll be the first to know.
Well, good.
’Cause I don’t mind
playing Mommy for a while.
But eventually, I’d like
to just sit back,
be Grandma.
They take Opie out in cuffs?
No. He was carrying
one of his kids.
What time was that?
Headlights woke us up.
Must’ve been around 2:30.
There were three black sedans.
The whole family left,
took bags with them.
Is he in trouble again?
I don’t know.
Thanks.
Just talked to our guy over at
San Joaquin Savings and Loan.
- He checked Opie’s finances.
- And?
Somebody paid off
a huge chunk of his debt.
Federal wire transfer.
[ Tig Sighs ]
Mortgage, credit cards,
car payments.
- This stays
with the three of us.
- Yeah, of course.
Go.
[ Motorcycle Arriving ]
Opie sold us out.
Or A.T.F. wants us
to think he did.
That bitch is smart.
Devious gash!
Come on in.
Oh, my God, Abel.
Oh, my God.
He got so big.
[ Laughs ]
Look at you.
Oh, God.
Hey.
You got him?
I got him. Wow.
Oh, my God.
He’s so beautiful.
Yeah, he is.
Hey.
He looks like Jax,
doesn’t he?
[ Chuckles ]
Oh.
Thank you so much.
I know you weren’t
supposed to do this.
It’s okay.
Do you have a plan, Wendy?
I got into a sober living house
at Lincoln Village.
That’s good.
Yeah.
How’s Jax?
He’s–
He’s okay, I-I think.
God, I miss him so much.
Yeah, I can imagine.
God.
[ Men Chattering In Background ]
[ Groans ]
[ Knock ]
Gemma?
Mary. Jesus Christ.
What are you doing here?
I was hoping
you could tell me.
Got a call from the feds asking
me to pick up my grandkids...
from the Department of Justice
facility in Stockton.
Opie’s kids
are in a facility?
Apparently
the whole family is.
Can’t get ahold of Piney.
Thought you might shed some
light on why I’m schlepping
my fat ass 75 miles.
[ Motorcycle Approaching ]
[ Gemma ]
Let’s find out.
What’s Opie’s mom doing here?
She’s picking up her grandkids
from the Department
of Justice facility.
Oh, my God.
Opie get picked up on that
Hefner shit?
Hey, Mary.
What the hell
did my kid do this time?
Nice to see you too.
[ Jax ] Feds picked him up
in the middle of the night.
He go out in cuffs?
Neighbors say no.
Ope’s debt’s been cleared.
Federal wire transfers.
- It’s a setup.
- Maybe.
Or he gave Bobby up.
Now he’s gone
witness protection.
Why?
If he wasn’t arrested,
what’s the leverage?
Who knows how long
they’ve been chipping away
at him, Jax?
Hell, A.T.F.? They could’ve
gotten to him while he was
still in Chino.
That’s paranoid shit.
Is it? I mean, is it?
[ Lighter Flicks ]
Opie’s been a miserable prick
since he got out.
Maybe they’ve offered him
a new, debt-free life–
just what Donna wanted.
Ope’s not a rat.
He did five years
for this club.
Maybe he doesn’t want
to do 25 more.
I’m going to see
Rosen tomorrow.
We’ll get some clarity.
Give us a minute.
Of course.
[ Door Closes ]
You and I both love Opie.
I don’t want to believe
this shit either.
But...
we gotta prepare ourselves
for a truth we may not like.
He’d never sell out
the club.
And what if he did?
Then I’ll kill him myself.
[ Fluorescent Lights Humming ]
[ Door Opens ]
Where’s my family?
Down the hall.
My people packed a few
of their things, so they’re
very comfortable.
Justice uses this facility
to transition informants
into witness protection.
So it’s–
What the–
Are you charging me?
No.
Then you gotta
cut me loose.
You need to stay here, Opie,
for your own safety.
For my own safety?
Yeah.
You see, we have
an eyewitness...
who saw two men
gun down Brenan Hefner.
Bobby Munson was
positively identified.
[ Over Speaker ]
Your I.D. could take
a little court time, but...
it’ll happen.
I have no idea
what you’re talking about.
You see, she didn’t get
the eyes or the nose
quite right.
That’s why it fell short
of a positive I.D.
I want my lawyer.
I’m sure that SAMCRO
knows that you and your
family are gone.
And lots of your neighbors
saw you get into our big,
comfortable black sedan.
No cuffs.
And what with all
the inconvenience,
I figured the least
I could do was, uh,
pay off some of those
big bills of yours.
You crazy bitch.
You’re setting me up
as the rat.
Unfortunately,
I think it’s gonna
play out that way, yeah.
What the hell is she doing?
They’ll know I wasn’t
the witness.
Mm. Eventually.
But, you see, the U.S. Attorney
won’t release the identity
of the witness until pretrial.
And that could take weeks.
I can only hold you
for 48 hours.
Now what
is going to happen...
when I put you
and your family back
in Charming, hmm?
I tell the club the truth.
And maybe
they believe you.
But maybe they don’t.
Are you really willing
to risk the life
of your family...
on the love that Clay Morrow
has for you?
What if this
rat trap backfires?
Clay’ll kill this poor guy.
Poor guy?
This scumbag just killed
a state official.
He spent five years
in jail for arson.
He is not a "poor guy."
Look, I get it.
Okay?
They hurt you,
and you’re pissed off.
Oh, please. Save it, okay?
Save it!
This is not personal,
all right?
I can take a few knocks.
My God, it’s part of my job.
But you know what?
If you can’t
detach yourself...
from your history
with these shitheads,
- well, then maybe you’d better
shuffle on back to Mayberry.
- Hey.
I know these guys!
What you are doing
and how you are doing it–
It is wrong.
Someone’s gonna get hurt.
I’m sorry.
Okay? I’m–
I’m sorry
that I snapped at you.
It’s been a tough couple days,
and I just–
You’re right.
I appreciate
your concern, David.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]
Hey.
- You doing okay?
- I don’t think he’s hungry.
Um, someone’s here
to see you.
You do this?
Mm-mmm.
She came on her own.
Thanks.
[ Tara ]
You’re welcome.
Need me to sign that?
Hey.
You left rehab?
No.
I’m moving into
a sober living house
in Lincoln Village.
I have 64 days.
That’s fantastic.
Yeah.
You look great.
Thanks.
[ Chuckles ]
So–
I was just hoping I could
see Abel before I go.
Yeah, of course.
I think that would be good.
All right.
Come on.
Shit, Jax. Wait.
I saw him already today.
I’m sorry. I couldn’t wait.
I’m sorry.
It’s all right.
You want to see him again?
I really do.
[ Abel Gurgling ]
Hey, buddy.
It’s okay.
I gotcha.
I got him.
Hey, buddy.
Hey. It’s okay.
Okay.
It’s all right.
It’s okay.
Hey, baby.
Hey.
I was just
feeding him.
You want to eat something?
Huh?
That’s my boy.
You got someplace to stay?
Ramada.
I gotta stay away from
all my old friends, you know?
Yeah.
- [ Jax ] We changed the locks
at the house.
- Oh, yeah, I know.
The back door was open.
I just– I left my bags
there, but–
Well, I’m not in there yet,
so if you want to stay
until you check in–
What about Gemma?
Yeah, good point.
Ramada’s probably safer.
Mm-hmm.
Super sweet, huh?
Oh, my God.
I can’t believe it.
Yeah.
[ Mutters ]
[ Whispering, Indistinct ]
[ June ]
You can watch TV
if you’d like,
and if you need anything,
just let Agent Henning know,
all right?
Is she the girl
who saw Bobby kill
the port commissioner?
[ June ]
Yeah. It’s Eviqua Michaels.
We’re transferring her
to a safe house
until after the trial.
Then Eviqua Michaels
becomes Jane Doe.
See you later.
Deputy Chief Hale,
I’ve been instructed to
escort you from the building.
What are you talking about?
Agent Stahl’s request.
[ Woman On P.A. ]
Social Services,
call Pediatrics.
Little family reunion?
How long you been watching?
Since 1978.
She just wants
to hold her kid.
You of all people
should get that.
You think she has a right
to hold that baby?
As much of a right as I do.
Look, Mom,
I wasn’t shooting crank,
but I bailed on that kid too.
I’m making up for that now.
She just wants the same chance.
Is she clean?
Yeah. Checking into
a halfway house next week.
Staying at the Ramada
till then.
Her bags are at your house.
She might as well
stay there.
Really?
Well, you said she’s trying
to make up for her mistake.
I’m all about
second chances.
No, you’re not.
So anything new
on Ope and Bobby?
No, nothing.
I don’t care
what anybody says.
Opie didn’t rat.
I know.
Thanks, Mom.
[ Tires Screeching On TV ]
Tell me what the hell
is going on.
- [ Whispers ] See if the kids
want some ice cream?
- Sure.
Is that okay with you?
Yeah.
Hey, kids?
Go with the lady.
Hey.
[ Snaps ]
Kenny.
Come on. Go with the lady, okay?
She’s gonna get you
some ice cream.
You recently...
[ Clears Throat ]
paid off three months
of back mortgage
on your house in cash.
Where did it come from?
You spent it.
You fed your kids on it.
How was it earned?
I don’t know.
I didn’t ask.
You know, Donna, your family
is falling apart.
I want to help you, but I–
Don’t pretend you give a shit
about my family.
We arrested Bobby Elvis
for murder.
An eyewitness I.D.’d him...
and this man.
Look familiar?
I don’t think that Opie
pulled the trigger,
but he was there.
- Is he going back to jail?
- Not yet, no.
But the U.S. Attorney
hasn’t released
the name of the witness.
And as far as SAMCRO
is concerned,
only one person saw Bobby
commit that murder– Opie.
That’s why you’re here–
for your own protection.
Clay and his crew think
that Opie has turned.
Oh, God.
Do you have any idea
what these guys do to a rat?
No– Jax wouldn’t let
anything happen to Opie.
They’ve known each other
since they were kids.
Well, I certainly hope
that Jax has enough pull
to make that happen,
because I can only protect
him for one more day.
Without my help, this thing
goes one of two ways–
Opie is in prison,
or he’s dead.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Men Chattering ]
Opie.
Are the kids okay?
Yeah. Yeah. Your mom’s
coming to get ’em.
My mom?
[ Opie Over Speaker ]
You serious?
A.T.F. spooked my family.
Mary’s the only one
that’s willing to come down.
The kids would be better off
in foster care.
Don’t say that.
I’m sorry.
Stahl said the club
thinks you turned on them.
They hauled us in here
to make it look like
we took a deal.
Bitch hung me out as a rat.
Hoped that she could scare me
into giving up something...
about a crime
that I knew nothing about.
They have a witness
who saw Bobby and you.
That’s bullshit.
I didn’t kill anyone.
They can give us a chance
to start over, Ope.
Shouldn’t we look at that
for the kids?
Donna,
witness protection
is a joke.
She tell you
that most of the guys
go back to the life...
or end up dead?
Usually by their own hand
because they can’t stand
living a lie.
Is that what you want
for me?
I want us to be a family.
’Cause getting in bed with
these people is gonna be...
the worst thing that
ever happened to our family.
You gotta trust me.
What are you gonna do,
Miss Donna?
You killed a state official,
Bobby.
The U.S. Attorney will seek
the death penalty.
I didn’t kill anybody.
Anybody who says I did
is lyin’.
And if you have anything else
to say, why don’t you
talk to my lawyer?
Well, if my witness statement
is a lie,
then maybe you should
hear all of it, hmm?
Yeah, I like a good story.
Hefner got spooked
by something that Opie did.
He turned back to you.
You jammed your gun
in his sternum
and fired four shots.
Hefner fell.
You and Opie
fled the balcony...
and met up downstairs
with Jax Teller.
Jax was lookout
and drove the car.
Great fiction.
Eyewitness fiction.
[ Door Opens ]
Where are the kids?
Cafeteria.
They’re finishing dinner.
Thanks for picking ’em up.
I don’t know how much fun
they’re gonna have with me.
They like your dogs.
One of them died.
Wanna tell me
what’s going on here?
Uh, they-they think Opie
might be involved
in a shooting.
Oh, sweetheart.
You’re not in lockdown
for "might be."
This shit never ends.
He’s gonna be
back in jail.
He’s your son.
He’s a criminal.
Just like his father.
Opie made his choice.
He was 16
when you bailed.
I took Opie with me...
to get away
from all this shit.
He’s the one who ran back
to his old man, the club.
His problems aren’t mine.
If you have half a brain,
you will take these kids...
and move to another planet...
before their father
poisons them.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]
Jax said it was okay
if I stayed here.
Yeah, it is.
Okay.
Sit down.
How much time you got?
Sixty-four days.
I’m not gonna make
any promises this time.
I’ll just–
I’ll just see what happens.
Abel comes home tomorrow.
I know.
He’s a lucky kid.
He’s got
crazy, fierce Grandma
looking after him.
Yeah, he does.
I’m not seeking custody,
Gemma.
I just went by there ’cause
I wanted to see him and–
and just say sorry
for what I did.
Amends.
Yeah.
[ Sighs ]
Well,
I guess I–
guess I owe you some.
Shit I did to you.
All a reaction
to him almost dying.
I know.
We all pulled through.
I guess we did.
[ Sighs ]
You still love Jax?
Oh. Sure, I-I guess.
No.
It’s not a guess.
He’s still your husband.
The father of your child.
Do you love him?
Yeah.
You want this family
back together?
I-I don’t know
if I’m ready for that.
When you’re ready,
you want this
family back?
It’s the only thing I want.
Abel needs his mom.
Jax needs his wife.
You stay clean,
pull your shit together,
I will do whatever I can
to help make that happen.
You get some sleep.
We got a big day tomorrow.
A shitload of stuff
to get together for his
coming home party.
[ Keys Rattle ]
Night, baby.
[ Door Opens ]
[ Door Closes ]
[ Exhales ]
You know that I’ll be
picking you up again, Ope.
As soon as we put this
case together, you will be
tried for murder.
I guess
I’ll see you then.
Going back to the club
is a mistake.
It puts you
and your family at risk.
I can protect my family.
Do you believe that?
Huh?
You need to start thinking
about your kids.
Donna, what kind of mother
are you gonna be?
The kind who doesn’t bail
on her family.
Let’s go.
Did you cover it?
Yeah.
I got mikes and trackers
in his cell phone,
bike and truck.
Good. Stay on him.
I want to know his every move.
I gotta keep
this shithead alive.
Clay, Ope left Stockton.
He wants to come in,
tell us what happened.
That’s good.
We all want that.
Hey.
I need to know
he’s gonna be safe,
despite all the shit
we think we know.
Ope’s a member of this club.
He’s gonna get his time.
Safe room.
Yeah.
Okay.
I gotta go see Rosen,
make sure Bobby’s okay.
You tell Ope he comes in
when I get back, all right?
All right.
Good-bye.
[ Motorcycle Engine Starts ]
U.S. Attorney won’t disclose
the name of the witness
because of security issues.
No ideas?
I talked to Bobby
last night.
He says Stahl knows
there was a third man.
She knows it was Jax.
Bobby said anyone who saw him
could never have I.D.’d Jax.
Only one other guy knows
that Jax was there.
That’s my guess.
Looks like
Opie Winston is turning.
[ Clay ]
So why would the feds
cut Opie loose, huh?
Why would they let him
come and plead
his innocence to the club?
Well, if I was gonna
cross-examine, I’d argue...
that Opie is a criminal
and he’s lying to
make a cushy deal.
He might need more evidence
to get witness protection.
You think
they’re gonna wire him?
He gets Jax talking
about the alleged
Hefner kill, it’s a lock.
Jesus Christ.
Gonna make this right, bro.
Yeah.
Look, you trying
to push me off this
thing that happened–
I know you’re
just trying to–
trying to watch my back.
Come on.
They’re all waiting.
[ Engine Starts ]
- [ Groans ]
- Piney, your boy’s here.
[ Piney Laughs ]
How you doing, Son?
I’m good. I’m good.
Good to see you back here.
Welcome home. You okay?
- [ Opie ] Yeah.
- Check it all.
Ope.
Go on in.
[ Chibs ]
Hold on.
Phones, please.
[ Cell Phones Beeping ]
Piney. Thank you.
- Where’s Tig?
- Be here in a minute.
[ Sighs ]
Appreciate you
coming in, Ope.
- It says a lot.
- It says he’s not a rat.
We got one member
in jail, and another
in a wit-pro facility.
You can understand my worry.
Yeah, I know how this looks–
what Stahl has done.
She set me up
to look like a rat.
It’s all a lie.
She threatened me
with my own club.
I don’t know who the hell
the witness is, but it
sure as shit ain’t me.
[ Device Beeps ]
She tried to turn Donna
against me, offered her that
whole wit-pro bullshit dream.
But she turned it down.
She could’ve walked away.
Trusted me that if I came
in here and had the chance to
tell you guys the truth,
that I could make this right.
[ Device Beeps ]
[ Beeping Continues ]
- Sorry.
- [ Opie ]
I’m just saying that...
getting squeezed made me
realize I can’t do this
with one foot out the door.
I’m here. I’m in.
No more doubt.
No more mistakes.
You’re a good man, Ope.
Am I good with you, Clay?
The M.C.?
Yeah.
We’re good.
Ah!
Good news, Opie.
Great news.
Hey. I’m proud of you, Son.
Thanks, Pop.
[ Jax ]
See? It’s all good, bro.
[ Chibs ]
All right, big fella.
♪♪ [ Radio: Rock ]
♪♪ [ Continues ]
Jax.
Think I could buy you kids
a drink?
I got a doobie.
The room is clean.
Anything?
His truck was wired.
His phone was wired.
And I killed them both.
Jesus Christ.
Opie has turned on us.
This has got to happen, Clay.
Jax’ll never be able
to hurt him.
Take this to a vote–
I’ve seen this shit before.
I mean, this is
the kind of shit that
can crush a charter.
Then we do it quiet.
Me and you.
For Bobby.
For the club.
We need total deniability.
This death never
lands at our feet.
I understand.
♪♪ [ Continues ]
What’s going on?
Ah, I’m just
catching Tig up
on what he missed.
Yeah,
it’s all good, brother.
It’s all good.
Everything Opie said–
You believe him, right?
I mean, he’s clear
of this shit now.
Of course.
I love Opie too, bro.
Come on.
Let’s go join
the party, huh?
♪♪ [ Continues ]
♪♪ [ Fades ]